(tree) Unify summarize and getAttachSummary methods on summarizables (#24761)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/loud-dolls-appear.md

---
"@fluidframework/shared-object-base": minor
"__section": legacy
---

> Added an optional boolean parameter `fullTree` to `SharedObject`'s `summarizeCore` method

Reviewer: Our most recent guidance for changeset titles is to not use `inlineCode` syntax (to prevent the generated changelogs from appearing too noisy). This still needs to be documented in a more accessible place, but here are the guidelines we're using when reviewing: https://eng.ms/docs/experiences-devices/opg/office-shared/fluid-framework/fluid-framework-internal/fluid-framework/docs/on-call/release/release-prep

```suggestion
Added an optional boolean parameter "fullTree" to SharedObject's summarizeCore method
```

This parameter tells the shared object that it should generate a full tree summary, i.e., it must not summarize incrementally.

> Currently, none of the shared object's do incremental summaries. However, if one decides to do it, it needs to take "fullTree" parameter into consideration.

Author: It is for customers who implement their own DDSes from SharedObject.

> Currently, none of the shared object's do incremental summaries. However, if one decides to do it, it needs to take "fullTree" parameter into consideration.

Author: I just found this which seems relevant here: AB#38487

> Currently no known SharedObjects's do incremental summaries; however any that do exist or are made in the future must take this "fullTree" parameter into consideration to function correctly.

Reviewer: Nit (we do like `inlineCode` syntax in the changeset body when referring to APIs)
```suggestion
Currently no known `SharedObjects`'s do incremental summaries; however, any that do exist or are made in the future must take this "fullTree" parameter into consideration to function correctly.
```
